YEAR By YEAR Details of what I have done in My Project:


Year 2022 (1st Year in the Project)
Current Projects and Impact==>
As the only QA for Redwing Core(my Team) I drove automation for Redwing Core Services. Over that year I was able to push automation penetration and coverage to more than 90%.
I optimized the Test Automation Framework which improved stability and reliability of test execution and reduced manual test execution to near zero. The earlier testing cycle involved 2 Resources and with the improvements it was now only 1 Resource. These savings helped perform Exploratory Testing which improved Teams confidence on over 19 Releases performed and had zero Defect Leakages
Impact Beyond IC==>
With an internal company solution called Bluegrid getting decommissioned, automation test scenarios were no longer able to be executed on CICD pipeline. As a First within JPMorgan I was able to implement Selenium Grid on our Cloud Platform GKP. I partnered with central Testing COE teams and helped them rollout the implementation to other Impacted Teams across the Organization.
Our Testing team with the implementation was able to achieve higher throughput via Parallel Test Execution utilizing Selenium Grid, which was a step towards modernizing the Team


Year 2023.
Current Projects and Impact==>
Along with my contribution in Redwing Core as QA, I started with "VET QA" for "TIM Automation". This year i contributed in both the Projects and was efficiently able to make meaningful contributions to VET QA Teams Automation Framework. The team was in the Phase of migration of the Application that needed to migrate the exiting then obsolete Test Scripts for new TIM application. The Knowledge i brought from redwing core as an automation SME , did bring Major Optimizations across VET Automation Framework and its test Automation Reporting strategy. The contributions were held in high regards and well appreciated.

Impact Beyond IC==>
"TIM Automation" project since was an UI Test Automation activity, needed efficient and early detection of UI changes and UI bugs with minimum False positives. Since I had always looked at modern ways of doing things, I stumbled upon Applitools EYES SDK that was already available within the Firm and was the right candidate to be brought in at this time. I drove the implementation of integrating Applitools Eyes into the Selenium JAVA Framework. I singlehandedly onboarded the Team and the framework to Applitools Platform. The implementation required intensive and radical thinking approach to make it as a seamless solution for the team, without them having to deal with the complexities of the approach. Today we run everyday Project critical scenarios with Validate the Application UI for mulitple User Roles and Business flows and gives us First hand alerts of Failures which otherwise if not covered in test Scope would have been missed.

Year 2024.
Current Projects and Impact==>
During this year Redwing Core had a massive Modernization strategy to migrate from Oracle to MongoDB. This migration also included modernization of Redwing Console. During this migration Journey my contribution in making sure all of the Redwing Core services are BAU and the new modern Redwing Console had all the features implemented and the funtionality as was intended. My knowledge of the Redwing Core Services and the console functionality was a pillar in making the migration a success.
This year I moved from "TIM AUtomation" to "VET QA Regression" activity along with Redwing Core Automation. I had ownership of 2 Products for which i am responsible for running regression. Togethar with Regression responsibility I also worked with "Redwing SPICA" Team to test and deliver their Release Items for Monthly Releases. I was able to acheive "In Sprint Automation" while working with "Redwing Spica" releases. This was a first in VET QA Team for Release Cycles which earlier was always T-1 for automation. This was highly appreciated by Redwing SPICA team as it helped them deliver with confidence over subsequent release cycles. Given my expertise in automation and my strong technical skills and innovation through out of box thinking, I was picked to be part of a New Project "VET NexGen". As part of this new project I togethar with the VET NexGen QA team, was responsible to create Efficient Automation solution to drive this new project and meet its extensive ask to test on the fly i.e test Delivered code in Lower Dev environment. Given my expertise in Automation Solution development I was able to design and setup the core framework as was the ask from the Management.

Impact Beyond IC==> (3 Items)
1. Since the current Automation Framework was Selenium with JAVA, I piloted the migration from Selenium to Playwright Java. I drove the initiative to put across the senior management the benefits of using Playwright against Selenium and how this makes us future proof for Modernization and increasing our capability to Automate new tools and Application in Future.
2. The migration also needed the Selenium Grid hosted on GKP to be compatible with Playwright Java. This was a blocker for the team, where in i stepped in and was able to resolve the issue and enabled Playwright execution on Selenium Grid.
3. During project "VET NexGen" there was a huge challenge of multiple teams engaging across Redwing as a Platform and VET as a Platform, where each application had a different interface. There was lack of knowledge of how Messages were getting processed in Redwing and what was happening in VET when these messages were received in VET. There were more than 18 VET Database tables which contained information for each message received and processed in VET. While the redwing UI "Redwing Console", users needed to perform mulitiple searches to trace all messages in Redwing MongoDB. I picked this as a UseCase for IC IMOS Hackathon 2024. I singlehandedly built a modern react UI using Vaadin Flow components. This modern UI was able to provide a one stop solution to all user segements: QA, Developers and Business Users. The innovation also included representation of Data flow across Systems using Mermaid.js which is a Diagram as a Code. This was again one of the First within Instruction capture where we introduced Mermaid.js. Users were able to Trace messages in VET and in Redwing with One click. The crucial innovative ideas was to provide all information from all necessary Involved platform with the least number of clicks. I was able to implement the backend and UI and the tool was named "Message Visualizer". This implementation was also one of the 4 Winners of the Hackathon. This was later presented to many senior management and mulitple forums, where it was very much appreciated and received many accolades. The tool is due to move to production in 2025. The tool is currently in UAT and is estimated to save more than 75000 Hrs of efforts anually with 10 users of engagement daily. Once productionalized this has capability to save mulitifold savings in Hours.
